===============================================================================
SHIM CREATOR - v2.1.1
===============================================================================
    SHIM_EXEC [-? | -h | --help]
    SHIM_EXEC PATH [OUTPUT] [...]
    SHIM_EXEC -p PATH -o OUTPUT [...]
    SHIM_EXEC --path=PATH --output=OUTPUT [...]


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 INFO
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Generates a 'shim' file that has the sole purpose of executing another file,
similar to a shortcut, yet is a full fledged executable. During creation, the
resources of the source executable such as version info and icons are copied to
the shim. In addition to the source path, specific command line arguments can
be embedded and hence editable by a resource editor (e.g.
https://www.angusj.com/resourcehacker).

One specific option to take note of is denoting if the source application has a
GUI. Typically, this simply denotes if the shim process should end immediately
after starting the process for the source or to wait (these two options are
also selectable in the shim). In either case, the shim, originally built as a
console application, will utilize the current console when executed from the
command line. Otherwise it will spawn a console window to generate the child
process for the source executable. For GUI applications, where waiting is
unneeded, this console is immediately destroyed, albeit still noticeable. To
remedy this adverse effect, the --GUI option generates a shim built with the
GUI subsystem as opposed to the console subsystem. This in effect removes the
creation of a console for GUI source applications.

Shims created with and without the --GUI option still include the options to
wait or exit immediately and for the most part are indistinguishable. One
important yet practical difference is that GUI shims by default will exit
immediately after creating its child process whereas console shims will default
to wait. Of course GUI shims can be called from a console and flagged to wait
which should function similarly to console shims. Issues only arise if GUI
shims are called with any type of console logging turned on (i.e. --shim-help
or --shim-log). The type of CLI (e.g., powershell, cmd.exe, etc.) appears to
impact the output. If run outside of a console, in which case a console would
need to be created for the output stream, the shim instead writes to a
.SHIM.LOG file with the same path.

For additional information, execute the shim with --shim-help flag or visit
https://github.com/jphilbert/shim_executable.


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 EXAMPLES
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Only the path to the application to shim is required. In which case, the shim
will be created in with the same name in the current directory. Thus, the
following all have the same behavior:

    SHIM_EXEC --path=C:\APP_PATH\app.exe --output=app.exe

    SHIM_EXEC -p "C:\APP_PATH\app.exe" -o app.exe

    SHIM_EXEC C:\APP_PATH\app.exe app.exe

    SHIM_EXEC C:\APP_PATH\app.exe

Paths are always expanded and relative to the current directory. Assuming CD is
C:\CURRENT, the following examples are equivalent:

    SHIM_EXEC --path ..\APP_PATH\app.exe --output .\SHIM\app.exe

    SHIM_EXEC --path C:\APP_PATH\app.exe --output C:\CURRENT\SHIM\app.exe


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 ARGUMENTS
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The application accepts the following arguments and they are not
case-sensitive. Argument flags can be shortened to a single dash and initial
letter (except for --GUI and --DEBUG) and values can be separated by either a
space or equal sign.

Since PATH is required, it need not be denoted by a flag if it is the first
argument. Similarly, if the second argument is also not denoted by a flag, it
will be assumed to be OUTPUT.

    --help              Show this help message and exit.

    --path PATH         [REQUIRED] The path to the executable to shim. This can
                            be relative from the current directory and will be
                            expanded.

    --output OUTPUT     The path to the shim to create. This can be relative
                            from the current directory and will be expanded. If
                            only a valid directory is given, the name of the
                            executable is used for the shim. If omitted
                            completely, the current directory with the
                            executable name is used. This cannot be equal to
                            PATH.

    --command ARGS      Additional arguments the shim should pass to the
                            original executable automatically. Should be quoted
                            for multiple arguments.

    --iconpath ICON     [UNIMPLEMENTED] Path to a file to use for the shim's
                            icon. By default, the executable's icon resources
                            are used.

    --gui               Explicitly sets shim to be created using the GUI or
    --console               console subsystem. GUI shims exit as soon as the
                            child process for the executable is created where
                            as console shims will wait. If neither is set, by
                            default the subsystem will be infered by the
                            executable, thus these options likely would be need
                            only for special cases.

    --debug             Print additional information when creating the shim to
                            the console.

===============================================================================
